Add engineering manager role (#660)
2i2c-org/team-compass: engineering/roles/engineering-manager.md

You’ve designed and maintained highly available, cloud-based infrastructures in AWS or another cloud offering. You understand how to leverage infrastructure-as-code tools and have experience implementing best practices for reliability and observability.  We currently use Terraform, Kubernetes, GitHub, and JupyterHub.

### You have experience with open source communities

You’ve worked in one or more multi-stakeholder community-driven open source projects. You understand the challenges and messiness that often comes with open communities, you have experience contributing to them, and an interest in growing a team that does most of its work via upstream contributions. While 2i2c does not directly manage any open source communities, it aims to be an active participant in many, and upstreaming improvements to open source projects is a core part of our workflow.

### You value our values

2i2c is a mission-driven organization defined by [our values and principles](https://2i2c.org/about/). You see how these values can empower meaningful work, thrive in a collaborative setting, and are eager to continue growing excited to be part of the team.

## Salary rationale

> We are currently discussing our salary bands and levels [as per this proposal](https://github.com/2i2c-org/meta/issues/402#issuecomment-1419224044). According to that proposal (most likely to be implemented and already a reference for recent hires), the base salary associated with a Engineer Manager role (level 4) is $**151,200**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are currently discussing our salary bands and levels for Engineering [as per this proposal](https://github.com/2i2c-org/meta/issues/402#issuecomment-1419224044). According to that proposal (most likely to be implemented and already a reference for recent hires), this role is currently associated with the base salary corresponding to an Engineer Manager (level 4) role: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1D_-RzXhyWw8jFs7KQQXKVRV4VrmOyXjQni2UTnk1044/edit#gid=0.
```
I think it is important to ack the dynamic nature of the salary and this is why I believe we should link the model we have using instead of having a static value. We do the same for other roles described on the team compass.
